[title]: # (10.7.1 Cloud)
[tags]: # (cloud)
[priority]: # (30096)
# 10.7.1 Cloud Release Notes

## Enhancements

Enhancements available with the 10.7.1 Cloud release of Privilege Manager:

* ServiceNow connector is automatically installed for all new cloud instances.
* The SMTP server is automatically configured during the cloud instance setup.
* General in product user guidance improvement for Mobile Application configuration.
* New Configuration Feed to ignore macOS Cataline Software Updates. For details refer to [Ignoring macOS Updates](../config-feeds/ignore-os-updates.md).
* Improved verbose logging during token validation logic.
* For Privilege Manager, data centers in Canada and Singapore have been added.

## Bug Fixes

Listed below are the bugs that have been addressed in this release. The description below reflects the product behavior prior to the fix and specific details about the fix for some of the items.

* When creating Filters for Windows systems and the user has the Privilege Manager MacOS Administrators role, an exception is shown.
* Misleading counts when built-in local Admin users are backed-up by provisioned user.
* When creating a copy of an __Approval Request (with ServiceNow Request Item Number) Form__ action, the contents cannot be edited.
* Security ratings reports pagination is not working correctly.
* macOS latency in updating a VNODE structure on disk is resulting in application execution being denied.
* Cannot add new policies with application targets and enable.
* Selected credentials on AD foreign system cannot be edited.

## Known Issues

* The macOS self-elevation feature is not supported for systems running macOS 10.11 (El Capitan). The Privilege Manager Finder Extension does not work when installed on macOS 10.11. Thycotic recommends upgrading macOS endpoints to a newer version of the macOS operating system to utilize the latest feature enhancements in the Privilege Manager 10.7 and newer macOS endpoint agent.
