[title]: # (10.8 Release)
[tags]: # (on-premises,cloud)
[priority]: # (30095)
# 10.8.0 Release Notes

## Enhancements

Enhancements available with the 10.8 release of Privilege Manager. Enhancements are for both versions, On-premises and Cloud, unless otherwise outlined under a specific On-prem or Cloud subtopic.

* New User Interface and User Experience. Refer to [Privilege Manager 10.8 User Interface](../pm-intro/10.8-ui.md).
* Enhanced upgrade process for on-premises instances. Privilege Manager now checks if updates are available and downloads details prior to proceeding. Refer to [Updating Privilege Manager - Primary Node](../install/upgrades/index.md#primary_node).
* The Application User Activity report provides audit details for user activities like logins and logouts. Refer to [Application User Activity](../reports/app-user-activity.md).
* The __Specific Installer Detection Filter__ and __Generic Installer Detection Filter__ are now labeled as legacy filters. These filters are only to be used to detect legacy installers that require the Windows Application Compatibility flag to be set.

### macOS Specific Features

* Added macOS Agent Utility preference pane accessible via system preferences. Refer to [MacOS Agent Utility Preference Pane](../agents/macOS/utility.md).
* Extended the __Agent Summary by OS__ report to also contain macOS system serial number information.

### Public API

Thycotic introduces [Privilege Manager's public API](https://docs.thycotic.com/privman-api/10.8.0/index.md).

## Bugs Fixed

* Adding a New AD Domain Uses the Wrong User Object (Not the One Selected).
* Hyperlink from approval email notification redirected URL from browser is not working in cloud environment.
* The task Import Specific Azure AD Users and Groups creates errors.
* Parent and child actions are processing messages wrong.
* SQL Lite Agent Errors with, 'Database is locked' on client item update.
* When the Dacpac triggers a change in the schema of the itemstate table, locking errors can occur.
* Resource Data Class Data will not be imported, if Data Class was just added during install.
* AD Domain Controller Resource synchronization issues.
* Missing Trigger after importing a Remote Scheduled Client Command.
* Cloning an Active Directory Foreign system configuration and creating a new AD does not remove previous settings (SID, DC, etc).
* Executable not being caught when using just the file hash for the filter.
* Agent registration fails due to foreign key constraint error pointing to missing target.
* The Resource Explorer does not honor an OU name update for Active Directory Foreign Systems.
* An URL specified with "http" only does not apply strict transport security for communication.
* Users in Privilege Manager Cloud are unable to configure tasks to send email reports.
* Domain user groups cannot be added to the User Context Filter.
* Secondary file filter pre-filtering performance is lacking.
* Errors when clicking on bar graphs for Local Security statistics about Users.
* Customer accounts with an ampersand (&) in the company name or license cannot activate their license.
* An error is thrown when attempting to add a managed user to a resource target.
* The Report Summary of Application Action report only contains the first 3 to 5 records when exported to CSV.
* When exporting a report with many records, the __Select All__ option for CSV exports does not export all records.
* Upgrade banners are not displayed for the latest version.
* When creating or cloning an action, the user is unable to reference built-in or well-known local groups.
* CSV Report export adds apostrophe before - and + symbols
* When an endpoint is using Azure Service Bus to communicate with a Privilege Manager On-Prem instance, policies with a message, approval, or justification action do not appear and the application does not launch.
* An exception is thrown when attempting to sync after creating an SCCM connection.
* The subject line certificate filter does not match the certificate on file.
* No details available for the Codesign Entitled Elevated Application Filter.

### macOS Specific

* System calculated due time for scheduled task as negative, causing an exception.
* macOS agents with a comma or equal sign in their name are not successfully registering.

### Agent Updates

* The agent is sending SHA1 and not SHA256 for Cylance integration.

## Known Issues

* Upgrading to Privilege Manager 10.8 causes a task to run to merge computer groups and remove unused system computer groups. This primarily affects the Application Control policies that are using resource targets/computer groups named __All Windows Computers with Application Control Agent Installed__.  With 10.8, those policies will use the __Windows Computers__ computer group and macOS will use __MacOS Computers__.

  If you want to prevent this automatic merge, modify the XML of this item:

  `PrivilegeManager/#/item/xml/b2e02684-d154-48ca-9987-12b1759df822`

  Add on line 2 `<adc:Attributes>NoModify</adc:Attributes>`.
* Offline upgrades on __multiple__ servers will need to be done manually.
